# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [unreleased]

### Bug Fixes

- Build agaisnt java 8 for confirmed backwards compatibility
- Use mordant for terminal colours since it handles things which i don't really want to
- Fix error when path has spaces for windows

### Documentation

- Update changelog generation rules to include previous commits too

### Features

- Uses memorable word list now so rare words such as 'hatte' don't appear.

### Other

- Fixed full run when trying to create default file and it already existing

Signed-off-by: Racci <90304606+DaRacci@users.noreply.github.com>


## [0.1.4] - 2022-02-09

### Other

- Fix windows error

- Add support for generating multiple passwords per run, defaults to 3

- Update README.md for new amount param

- Merge pull request #5 from DaRacci/DEV

Merge DEV

## [0.1.3] - 2022-02-08

### Other

- Updated transformer
Moved transformer into Generator.kt and it is no longer platform specific.
Random transformation now uses seed for chance

- Merge branch 'main' into DEV

- Merge pull request #4 from DaRacci/DEV

Merge transformation changes

## [0.1.2] - 2022-02-08

### Other

- [ci-skip] Add info for using rule files into README.md

- [ci-skip] Add info for using rule files into README.md

- Merge remote-tracking branch 'origin/main'

- Update generator backend
The generator is now in it's own class and with individual functions so each part can be individually debugged and easily modified.
Added Kotlinx datetime to use for the current system time in milliseconds for a improved random seed.

- Updated digits
When generating digits before and after a seperator will now be placed for it instead of only relative to words.
Digits random values are also now based off the seed

- Merge pull request #3 from DaRacci/DEV

Merge Generator changes from DEV

## [0.1.1] - 2022-02-08

### Other

- Update Serializer
Fix default rules not being encoded
Moved json variable to common FileService

- Empty classifier to shadowJar output

- Enable pretty print for json file formatting

- Removed readFrom, using read without params acts like before but if given a path it will read from there instead

- Merge pull request #2 from DaRacci/DEV

Merge fixes and improvements from DEV

## [0.1.0] - 2022-02-07

### Other

- [ci-skip] Fix unintelligible sentence lol

- Create LICENSE
- Merge pull request #1 from DaRacci/add-license-1

Create LICENSE

## [0.0.9] - 2022-02-07

### Other

- Add README.md


## [0.0.8] - 2022-02-07

### Other

- Fix versioning number and clean it up


## [7.0.0] - 2022-02-07

### Other

- Update auto versioning to be fully self reliant on the run number


## [1.0-6] - 2022-02-07

### Other

- Cleanup and improvements
Add createDefaultFile method for adding a new rules.json file with the default values to the folder where the jar file is.
Instead of -f file now has its own subcommand.
Using the subcommand "file read" will now try to read from the rules.json file at the jar files parent folder, if it isn't present a new one will be created.
You can still use "file readFrom /home/racci/PGen/rules.json" to read from a specific file for example.
Added a catch method while decoding the file so we don't print nonsense.
Json formatting is now more lenient.
The transformer and separatorChar rules now ignore capitalisation of the passed enum value when checking.

Added some C files or something and uh honestly I don't understand it right now but i need to figure it out for a windows executable since I am unable to use curl like on the linux executables.

- Rename gradle project to PGen and fix auto versioning


## [1.0] - 2022-02-06

### Other

- Initial commit
CLI currently parsing all commands and reading from a file

- Add .gitignore

- Release build 1.0
Worked entirely on getting an executable jar file because packaging resources with .exe files is hard so im unsure if the executables will still work as they are untested but should.
Adding a logger and debug mode
Actually wrote the generator, all features work and are able to be set from within a .json preset file or from the commandline itself using the args listed in --help.

- Quick push for testing

- Publish workflow for automatic release

- Fix distribution name

- Only build jar for now until i can figure out executables

- Fix the if statement which i left in from minix-conventions workflow file


<!-- generated by git-cliff -->
